# Monday 11
1. Talk about what we have so far in the application
2. Discuss API with TA - is it necessary, can we calculate points ourselves based on research
3. Sprint review (have we achieved our week goals?)
4. Remind everyone about testing
5. Remind everyone about checkstyle
6. Regarding this backlog template: *https://brightspace.tudelft.nl/d2l/le/content/144556/viewContent/1109820/View*, do we need to change the way we've been doing it so far? (gitlab issues and screenshots)