What are two of your strong points? 1.Learning Quickly I don't need a
long time to grasp a general idea of a tool/concept and start using it.
In a team,I can possibly help and support my fellow team-members even
with issues that I am not an expert in.

2.Hardworking If I am determined/passionate to do something I can put a
lot of effort into it. This could be a valuable asset to the team for
obvious reasons.

What are two of your weaker points? 1.Not that experienced with git,
server operation, etc. I am not that experienced with these aspects of
the project, but as I mentioned in my strong points I can learn quite
quickly so hopefully I can overcome that.

2.Lazy and not particularly great at teamwork I have some character
flaws that could impair the smooth working of my group, so I will do my
best to control myself and not sabotage my team.

Can you make a core quadrant of this?

-Goal

My goal during this course is to become more well-rounded in my
understanding of software development. It is important to me because
it's an important and useful skillset to have. I will succeed in
achieving this goal when I understand all of the working parts of our
product.

-Reality

I am working on achieving this goal since the beginning of the project.
Fortunately I have had some previous experience with making a web
application on my own, using frameworks, even making a simple android
app, so I am not completely in the dark. The thing I know I could most
improve on is motivating myself.

-Options

Options for reaching my goal include: asking for help from experienced
members of my group and taking the time to learn on my own. What could
stop me from reaching my goal is my laziness, however I will try to do
everything to not let that happen.

-Will To reach this goal I will utilise the Options mentioned
previously.I will try to progress on reaching this goal as soon as
possible. The first step I will take is getting to know GitLab better.
My teammates can help me by explaining what they know to me. I will make
an action plan as I go along during the duration of the project.
